---
title: Custom Fonts
description: Using custom fonts in your OG Images.
---

To generate images through Satori a font is required, system fonts can't be used. To
avoid issues, the module will use `Inter` font family (`400`, `700`) by default.

You can customise the font by using the `fonts` in nuxt.config and when defining the image. You can
load fonts directly from Google Fonts (recommended) or use a local font file.

For using non-english fonts you should read [Non-English Locales](/docs/og-image/guides/non-english-locales) guide for
a workaround.

## Loading A Google Font

Google fonts are recommended as their format will always be supported. To use
Google Fonts simply provide the array of fonts you want to use using `${name}:${weight}`.

This will download and cache the font when you first run your app.

```ts
export default defineNuxtConfig({
  ogImage: {
    fonts: [
      // will load the Noto Sans font from Google fonts
      'Noto+Sans:400',
      'Noto+Sans:700',
      'Work+Sans:ital:400'
    ]
  }
})
```

Note: Providing your own fonts will disable the default `Inter` font.

### Google Font API Mirror

If you're in China or the Google APIs are blocked, you can provide your own proxy server that mirrors Google Fonts **in TTF format**.

```ts
export default defineNuxtConfig({
  ogImage: {
    // Must serve TTF fonts (not WOFF2)
    googleFontMirror: 'your-proxy-server.com'
  }
})
```

**Important:** The mirror must serve fonts in TTF or OTF format for Satori compatibility. Most public CDNs only serve WOFF2 which won't work.

**Recommended for China:** Instead of using a mirror, use local font files which are more reliable:

```ts
export default defineNuxtConfig({
  ogImage: {
    fonts: [
      {
        name: 'Inter',
        weight: 400,
        path: '/fonts/Inter-400.ttf',
      }
    ]
  }
})
```

## Loading A Local Font File

Local font files must be either `.otf`, `ttf` or `.woff` and be within the `public` directory.

For example, if you have a font file at `public/fonts/OPTIEinstein-Black.otf`, you can load it with the config:

```ts
export default defineNuxtConfig({
  ogImage: {
    fonts: [
      {
        name: 'optieinstein',
        weight: 800,
        // path must point to a public font file
        path: '/fonts/OPTIEinstein-Black.otf',
      }
    ],
  }
})
```

## Template Custom Fonts

Sometimes you'll be rendering a custom template that you want to use a custom font with, without
having to load that font for all templates.

In this case, you can use the `fonts` prop on the `defineOgImage` component.

```ts
defineOgImage({
  fonts: [
    {
      name: 'optieinstein',
      weight: 800,
      path: '/fonts/OPTIEinstein-Black.otf',
    }
  ]
})
```

## Using A Custom Font In Your Template

To use your custom fonts, within your template you'll need to set the font-family.

```html
<div style="font-family: 'optieinstein'">
    <!-- ...  -->
</div>
```
