---
title: Chromium Renderer
description: Learn how, when and why to use the Chromium renderer.
---

The Chromium renderer uses a real browser to take screenshots, giving you full CSS support.

Using Chromium is only recommended when you are prerendering all of your images.

## Installation

::code-group

```sh [pnpm]
pnpm i -D playwright-core
```

```bash [yarn]
yarn add -D playwright-core
```

```bash [npm]
npm install -D playwright-core
```

::

::note
In development and CI/prerender environments, Chromium will auto-install if needed.
::

## Usage

::code-group

```ts [Set Default]
export default defineNuxtConfig({
  ogImage: {
    defaults: {
      renderer: 'chromium'
    }
  }
})
```

```ts [defineOgImageComponent]
defineOgImageComponent('MyOgImage', {
  renderer: 'chromium'
})
```

::

## Pros

- Full CSS support - any design you can build
- Render JPEGs without using `sharp`
- Page screenshots are simple and saves time

## Cons

- Requires a Chromium binary to be installed
- Much slower than Satori/Takumi, using it at runtime is not recommended
- Doesn't work on most hosting providers

## Development Chromium

When running in a development environment, a local Chrome / Chromium binary will be used, if available.

If it's not, then the Chromium renderer will be disabled.

## Prerenderer / CI Chromium

When prerendering your images in a CI environment, the module will automatically install a Chromium binary for you.

If you'd like to opt-out of this, you should disable the binding.

```ts [nuxt.config.ts]
export default defineNuxtConfig({
  ogImage: {
    compatibility: {
      prerender: {
        chromium: false
      }
    }
  }
})
```

## Runtime Chromium

Chromium will only be enabled by default in runtime environments if you have explicitly included the `playwright-core`
dependency in your project and the target environment is compatible.

Check the [compatibility](/docs/og-image/guides/compatibility) guide for more information.
