---
title: Nuxt Content
description: How to use the Nuxt OG Image module with Nuxt Content.
---

## Introduction

Nuxt OG Image integrates with Nuxt Content out of the box, supporting a `ogImage` frontmatter key that can be used to configure your OG Image.

You can see a demo of this integration in the [Nuxt OG Image & Nuxt Content Playground](https://stackblitz.com/edit/github-hgunsf?file=package.json).

## Setup

When `strictNuxtContentPaths` has been configured, images will be automatically generated for each markdown file in your content folder. 
To use `strictNuxtContentPaths` the markdown paths must match the path of the page. For example, if you have a markdown file at `content/blog/3-months-of-europe.md`, the path of the page must be `/blog/3-months-of-europe`.

Otherwise, you will need to provide the `ogImage` for each markdown file.

::code-group

```ts [Strict Paths]
export default defineNuxtConfig({
  ogImage: {
    strictNuxtContentPaths: true
  }
})
```

```md [Path Key]
---
path: /blog/3-months-of-europe
ogImage: true
---
```

::


### Frontmatter Configuration

The frontmatter key has the same options as [`defineOgImageComponent()`{lang="ts"}](/docs/og-image/api/define-og-image-component).
Providing `true` will use the default values, a `false` value will disable the OG Image for that page.

```md [content/blog/3-months-of-europe.md]
---
ogImage:
  component: BlogOgImage
  props:
    image: /blog/3-months-of-europe.png
    readingMins: 5
---
```

### Content head

The module works by injecting extra tags within the `content.head` property of a markdown file.

To have the og image work it needs to render this property, if you're not using document driven then you
will need to use the `useContentHead` composable or the `head` property in your component.

::code-group

```vue [useContentHead]
<script setup>
const page = await useAsyncData(`docs-${route.path}`, () => queryContent(route.path).findOne())
useContentHead(page)
</script>
```

```vue [useContentHead]
<template>
<ContentDoc head />
</template>
```

::


### Screenshots

If you'd like to use the screenshots, you'll need to use the `<OgImageScreenshot />` component within your content instead of using
frontmatter.

To have this work in your markdown files, you will need to make the components global.

```ts
export default defineNuxtConfig({
  ogImage: {
    componentOptions: {
      global: true,
    }
  }
})
```

```md [content/blog/3-months-of-europe.md]
:OgImageScreenshot
```

### Troubleshooting

If you have issues with your `ogImage` data not updating, you may need to clear the `.nuxt/content-cache` folder.
